What the hell is this?
That is my personal property.
And I want it back!
Shut your mouth.
You can't have it back.
Many thanks from Mr. Loop.
And the illegal deeds in his family will be taken care of soon.
What a fancy car.
Shut up that bitch.
Set me up with those cops.
Got me body searched.
Here's a million.
Minus a hundred thousand to bail you out.
Now give me that recorder.
I'm waiting.
What a?
Get out of my car.
You are so dead!
I never would have escaped those bullies without Lily's help.
You mean the devil, so that's how you framed her death on Nina.
So I've been wrong about Nina this whole time.
Check and see how Lily died.
Yeah.
Have you made your decision?
Whoa.
Sure hurry.
Aren't you afraid of the truth?
This card has no limit or password.
Take it and never come back.
Don't you want the recorder?
I'll find out the truth myself.
I just want you to stay away from me now.
You don't need to investigate.
Nina's the one who killed Lily.
Why do you treat your daughter this way?
I don't need a purse.
She's just someone I use to get rich.
Take your money.
And leave.
With this baby.
Shitface.
Son of a bitch.
I found out something.
Wait for me in my office.
Max Luther.
Come on, get him there.
Let's go.
Keep him stable.
What happened?
Let's salute the gas shop.
The corporation.
Hello.
What happened to my father?
My father died.
I'll roll it to the head.
Severe brain damage.
And we found this.
So I've been wrong about Nina the whole time.
I didn't kill Lily.
I would never hurt your sister.
I hope you die in hell.
Where are I going?
I just have to see Nina.
That's surgery.
You don't want to run like this.
I've done something horrible.
I have to see her.
Nina.
Why did you kill my father?
What do you mean?
Victor's dead?
Stop pretending you're murderer.
Nina, there must be a mistake.
Max just got shot.
I don't know what you're talking about, but it has nothing to do with me.
Then why was my dad found holding your family's card when he was dead?
I tried to escape, but I just couldn't run away.
I thought about dying.
But you robbed me of that comfort too.
Now I know what has to be done to end this fucking nightmare.
I've always wanted for you.
I call the police.
They all catch Nina.
Don't.
I don't hurt her for too long.
The truth is out now.
It's time to let her go.
Happiness without me.
I killed someone.
I want to turn myself in.
You promised me you would take her of Nina.
You chose your own life over hers.
And now you come here to judge me.
You've always been one of my most loyal men, so I will give you a choice.
You can either leave town forever and forget about Nina, or you die.
Let go of me!
So why'd you bring me back?
For Nina.
I just got off the phone with the Luther family.
No one has died.
It's impossible, but I stabbed him right in the chest.
I think you're mistaken Miss Morgan.
So when Max is letting me go, or is he just messing with me again?
Hello Nina.
You were dead.
Max, you faked my death and sent me to a asylum.
But once I escaped, I came looking for you.
I know that I found you Nina.
Let's go to Texas.
Mr. Luther, when this may Chloe hate you, it won't.
I hope she hates me.
I hope she can find happiness without me.
Listen, I can tell that you really love her.
Honestly, you should just take some time and talk to her.
Maybe I would just make things worse.
We should go.
Mr. Luther, the CCTV has been disabled from the crime scene.
But I'll block any news of your assassination.
Who do you think is responsible?
The gunman fired at you, but he killed Miss Morgan's father, framing you for the crime.
There's only one person with this type of motivation.
My dear brother.
What's your plan?
Think about that.
Following the terrorist attack, Max Luther, the seal of Luther Brothers, remaining in coma.
What are you doing?
I'm capturing your beauty.
We should take some with both of us in it.
The car is here. Texas is waiting. Come on.
I don't want to go. I don't want to go.
Why not?
I've lived here for over a decade. I can't just leave behind all the memories.
Even the unpleasant ones?
You don't want to leave the place or the person.
Hey, it's okay.
Take your time to make your decision. I'll wait.
Thank you, Lance.
What? My brother's been shot.
You just peer for a visit.
He's unconscious. Do not disturb him.
I'm his brother.
If he realizes I'm here, I'll wake up.
I like saving beauty.
After all these years, living in your shadow.
Look at you now.
Laying there.
Barely able to move.
Fanny. Take my brother away.
That's not going to happen. He's the leader of this family.
Yeah?
And do you think this family would win a vegetable at that?
We wouldn't want a conniving imbecile either.
Yeah?
Interrupt me again and see what happens.
We'll shoot you like I have people before me.
Like you did me?
What's going on?
Just putting out some bait.
See who the real murderer is.
You are out of this family.
You really think I'll cease this easily?
Let him go.
Come on.
See ya brother.
You said you're still in a coma.
Did you come to see me?
Just passing by.
Sorry.
You want to come in and have a cup of tea here?
I'm with Lance now.
Please send my apologies.
I know you lucked him up in medicine.
If you're really sorry, we shouldn't see each other.
I'm going to be now.
Did you kill him?
Leave.
With me.
Now.
You promised I'd be Mrs. Luther.
Oh.
You're still dreaming of becoming Mrs. Luther?
At yourself?
I'm like this because of you.
You don't want to be a sewer rat for the rest of your life.
Kill Max Luther and take back what's rightfully yours.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
You know, I've always wondered why do you love me?
You know, when I was a kid, I was such a wuss.
Always crying when I was bullied.
That's why I'm attracted to you.
Because you're so strong, Nina.
Always fighting for yourself.
You know, I've always loved the way you small.
Pying on me crazy?
I just wanted to make sure that you were okay.
I'm so stupid to believe you would mend your ways.
I don't know what you're doing, but whatever it is.
Wait.
Oh, wait.
From me and Lance.
Steve, my best friend.
I told you I meant nothing to Max.
You are so disgusting.
You have everything handed to you on a silver platter, but you just don't care.
If you really meant nothing to Max, then why did he keep you by his side?
He was doing it to torture me.
Why?
Because you killed his sister?
Listen.
Here's the truth.
I caused Lily's death.
I sold you to the dark web.
I killed your father.
And I framed it on Max with you.
Because I hate you.
I hate your gut.
Everyone knows Nina is the name for perfection.
I like your dress.
Where did you get it?
It's my mom's.
Really?
I can tell because it's ugly as fuck.
Stop!
Nina.
You okay?
That's fine.
You and Max are such a perfect match.
As if out of a fairy tale.
But it's precisely because everything is too perfect that it tempts one to destroy it.
That stupid chick.
She brought it all on herself.
Let go of me.
Why does it smell so sour?
Don't touch me.
Alright guys, alright.
I'll figure it out.
It should have been me who was locked up by those monsters and treated like a whore.
What?
Lily.
What are you doing?
She stumbled upon us.
Then I realized maybe it wasn't an accident but a chance to ruin you, Nina.
My dear best friend.
It's not my fault.
You told us to do this to her.
You think Max will believe this?
You killed his sister.
The Luther family will skin you alive.
They're so goable.
I just made some stuff up.
And they bought it.
I've been manipulating you and Max.
This entire time.
Why?
Nina.
You clean up another Max.
Is that you?
Stay away Max.
I want Nina to be safe.
Come to my warehouse.
Nina.
Don't you shove me into hell.
Donnie, if you want to be head of the Luther family, it's yours.
That doesn't tell me anymore.
If you want Nina, you say alive and kiss my shoe.
Max, don't.
It's okay.
At the great?
Kissing my shoes.
Oh, I enjoy this.
It's about time I'll arrive with you.
Nina.
I'll give you some privacy.
What are you doing here?
I just came to check on you.
Oh, you keep doing this.
You don't owe me anything.
I made it even at the warehouse.
Take care of her, Lance.
There's something that I've been hiding from you.
I know you've been working for Max all along.
It's not only that.
I've learned about your suffering in the dark web a long time ago.
I just, I decided to keep it away from Max.
I was selfish.
If you can't forgive me, I, I will leave.
I'm glad you confessed.
It just shows me I made the right choice.
I know I couldn't get over Max, but now I think it's time to move on.
Let's go to Texas.
I promise you, I'll love you for the rest of my life.
I love you.